EZP-30521: Create support/maintenance-related FAQ section in doc (#616)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/community_resources/faq.md

> # FAQ

Reviewer: => `Support & Maintenance FAQ` or similar here and on `mkdocs.yml` link to be inline with intro.
Or is intention to rather change intro to be more generic for a generic FAQ?

related to the code which generates the problem.

#### What are the recommended ways to increase my project's performance?

The most important clues around increasing overall performance of your eZ Platform-based project can be found in [the Performance documentation page](../guide/performance.md).

#### How can I translate my Back Office?

The language of the Back Office is based on the browser language.
In order to change it you should install the proper package for your language (see [language packages list](https://github.com/ezplatform-i18n)).
Once you have language packages installed, you can switch the language of the Back Office in the User Settings menu.

If you do not have a language defined in the browser, it will be selected based on the `parameters.locale_fallback` parameter located in `default_parameters.yml`.

To read more about language managing in eZ Platform, see the following doc pages:

- [Back Office languages](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/internationalization/#back-office-languages)
- [Setting up multi-language SiteAccesses and corresponding translations](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/cookbook/setting_up_multi_language_siteaccesses/)

> #### How can I contribute code to eZ Platform?

Reviewer: section to be changed to be about `How can I apply patches to the installation`
Where the patch can be one given by support, own or community.

> #FAQ

Reviewer: Goes for all headers here, but you need to have a space between the hash and the text for it to be rendered as header.

Also makes it easier to read the markdown :)

####What are the recommended ways to increase my project's performance?

The most important clues around increasing overall performance of your eZ Platform based project can be found in dedicated [documentation page](../guide/performance.md).

####How can I translate my admin panel?

The language of the admin panel is based on the browser language. In order to change it you should install proper package for you language, refer to the following [list](https://github.com/ezplatform-i18n). 
Once you have language packages installed, you can switch the language of the Back Office in the User Settings menu.

If you do not have a language defined in the browser, the language will be selected based on `parameters.locale_fallback` parameter located in `default_parameters.yml`.

If you want to read more about languages managing in eZ Platform please see the following doc pages:

- https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/internationalization/#back-office-languages
- https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/cookbook/setting_up_multi_language_siteaccesses/

> ####How should I proceed with contributions to eZ Platform?

Reviewer: covered, or should be covered on community_resources/contributing.md'?

Author: Partially yes, but it touches contributing to documentation. I mixed all the necessary steps from this one and from kernel metarepo README (both sources mentioned).

Reviewer: Well, that page could be expanded to include the example here on how to contribute to code.

What we want to keep here is how to deal with patches from support, using composer-patches package. So a somewhat different topic.

Author: Code contribution procedure moved to: https://github.com/ezsystems/developer-documentation/pull/617

TODO: description of `composer-patches`.

- https://github.com/ezsystems/ezpublish-kernel#contributing

!!! tip
    
    To deal with patches for packages which are not yet released, you can use [composer-patches](https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches).

####How to clear the cache properly?

Clearing cache is also covered by our [documentation](../guide/devops/#cache-clearing), it applies to file and content (http/persistence) cache.

Useful commands:

- clearing Symfony cache
```bash
php bin/console cache:clear --env prod
```
- clearing Redis cache
```bash
php bin/console cache:pool:clear cache.redis
```
- clearing Memcached cache
```bash
php bin/console cache:pool:clear cache.memcached
```
- clearing the Symfony cache manually
```bash
rm -rf var/cache/*
```

!!! caution "Clearing cache manually"

    It should be executed with caution. `rm -rf var/cache/*` wipes all the files and unlike `cache:clear` doesn't warm up the cache. It reflects in significant performance drop on first request thus shouldn't be called on production environment. Besides, it could lead to issues with files ownership after running `cache:clear` as a root.
    
####Where should I place my configuration files?

> In order to avoid overriding important configuration settings it is recommended to place them inside your bundle. In case of doubts follow suggestions from [dedicated documentation page](../guide/configuration.md) and [Symfony best practises](https://symfony.com/doc/3.4/best_practices/configuration.html).

Reviewer: Depends, if it's project config, it's normally placed in app/config, which is maybe where you'd want to place ez related project config.

Where was the source of this?

Author: My intention was to point out that **upgrading the installation** might override configuration placed inside eZ maintained files. I missed that sentence though.

Author: It should be mentioned that putting those in separate files is also a way to avoid that.

Reviewer: yeah... we could suggest people import own files, but for instance ezplatform.yml is kind of meant for them to adat. but yes they get into merge conflicts on upgrades, 3.x kind of solves this but until then some conventions are indeed good.

Author: I rewrote this part a bit: https://github.com/ezsystems/developer-documentation/pull/616/files#diff-ae91c5b3283ed63bc356b0b3b33a9ec3R77

# FAQ

This section contains answers for most common questions, tips around support and maintenance, references to important parts of the documentation and tools useful for developers on their daily basis.

#### What information should I specify when creating a Customer Support ticket?

From the Customer Support perspective the most important thing is version of eZ Platform which is used in the project. The best way to specify it is providing the list of currently installed packages by running composer command:
``` bash
composer show ezsystems/*
```

Besides that all the configuration from `app/config` directory might be helpful. It is good to give steps to reproduce the issue, or at least some meaningful description of circumstances under which the problem occurred.

> If you stumbled upon some database related problem providing corresponding logs should also be important step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you stumbled upon some database related problem, providing corresponding logs is also an important step.
```

> If you stumbled upon some data inconsistency related problem providing database logs should also be important step.

Reviewer 3: Not a big fan of this sentence. Data inconsistency is very serious and very rare - you don't just "stumble upon" it :)
I would not put it in the "Frequently Asked Question" section, as it is not frequent (and putting it in here may suggest otherwise).

Author: I changed this sentence a bit, now is more general. What I wanted to say here, is that database problems could also be related to migration. It doesn't necessarily mean that data inconsistencies or corruptions are common ones.

Reviewer 3: :+1:

> Also, please remember to mention recent changes, performed migrations or external scripts/code customizations related to the code which generates problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, please remember to mention recent changes, performed migrations or external scripts/code customizations related to the code which causes the problem.
```

#### What are the recommended ways to increase my project's performance?

> The most important clues around increasing overall performance of your eZ Platform based project can be found in dedicated [documentation page](../guide/performance.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most important clues around increasing overall performance of your eZ Platform based project can be found in the dedicated [documentation page](../guide/performance.md).
```

#### How can I translate my admin panel?

> The language of the admin panel is based on the browser language. In order to change it you should install proper package for you language, refer to the following [list](https://github.com/ezplatform-i18n). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The language of the admin panel is based on the browser language. In order to change it you should install the proper package for you language, refer to the following [list](https://github.com/ezplatform-i18n). 
```

Once you have language packages installed, you can switch the language of the Back Office in the User Settings menu.

> If you do not have a language defined in the browser, the language will be selected based on `parameters.locale_fallback` parameter located in `default_parameters.yml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do not have a language defined in the browser, the language will be selected based on the `parameters.locale_fallback` parameter located in `default_parameters.yml`.
```

> If you want to read more about languages managing in eZ Platform please see the following doc pages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to read more about language handling in eZ Platform please see the following doc pages:
```

- https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/internationalization/#back-office-languages
- https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/cookbook/setting_up_multi_language_siteaccesses/

#### How should I proceed with contributions to eZ Platform?

First, create an issue in our [issue tracker](https://jira.ez.no/browse/EZP) and refer to it in commits and pull request headers. For example: `EZP-20104: ContentController should return error status when content is not found`. Then, you can fork our repository and create your own branch from the version of the package which you want to contribute to. 

Now you can introduce whatever changes you wish, either modifying existing files or creating new ones. Once you are done with your edits, add your files to the staging area, then commit with a short, clear description and push changes to your fork. Finally, you can go to the project's page on GitHub and you should see a `Compare and pull request` button. Activate it, write a description and select `Create pull request`. Start the pull request's name with the issue number. Now you can wait for your changes to be reviewed and eventually tested and merged into the product.

> Here you can find more details regarding contribution procedure (provided resources apply to different repositories, but the whole process is more or less the same):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here you can find more details about the contribution procedure (provided resources apply to different repositories, but the whole process is more or less the same):
```
Maybe also add something like: "Not all pull requests can be accepted, and some will need changes before they can be accepted. When you respond to questions and discussion around your PR, and make changes to it as needed, you increase the chance that it will be accepted, and reduce the waiting time" yaddi yadda etc.

- https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/community_resources/documentation/#contributing-through-git
- https://github.com/ezsystems/ezpublish-kernel#contributing

!!! tip
    
    To deal with patches for packages which are not yet released, you can use [composer-patches](https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches).

#### How to clear the cache properly?

Clearing cache is also covered by our [documentation](../guide/devops/#cache-clearing), it applies to file and content (http/persistence) cache.

Useful commands:

- clearing Symfony cache
```bash
php bin/console cache:clear --env prod
```
- clearing Redis cache
```bash
php bin/console cache:pool:clear cache.redis
```
- clearing Memcached cache
```bash
php bin/console cache:pool:clear cache.memcached
```
- clearing the Symfony cache manually
```bash
rm -rf var/cache/*
```

!!! caution "Clearing cache manually"

>     It should be executed with caution. `rm -rf var/cache/*` wipes all the files and unlike `cache:clear` doesn't warm up the cache. It reflects in significant performance drop on first request thus shouldn't be called on production environment. Besides, it could lead to issues with files ownership after running `cache:clear` as a root.

Reviewer: Is the last sentence about root a caution for `clearing Symfony cache` maybe?

Author: Yes, that supposed to be some kind of warning, as we had such situation before on production environment. 😄

    
#### Where should I place my configuration files?

> In order to avoid overriding important configuration settings during upgrade we should separate them from eZ maintained YAML files. There are two basic approaches to achieve that goal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to avoid "merge conflicts" on important configuration settings during upgrades, moving as much as possible of your configuration to own files can be a good idea. There are two basic approaches to achieve that goal:
```
